.TH POMODORO_CURSES 1
.SH NAME
pomodoro_curses \- an ncurses Pomodoro timer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pomodoro_curses
[\fIOPTION\fR...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBpomodoro_curses\fR is an ncurses-based Pomodoro timer that supports
arbitrarily long work and rest sessions.
.PP
\fBNOTE\fR: all duration-related arguments MUST be given in minutes.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-a ", " \-\^\-alert\-type " " \fITYPE\fR
Specify the type of alert to use. Choose 'beep' or 'flash'.
Default is flash.
.TP
.BR \-b ", " \-\^\-short\-break\-length " " \fIshort_break\fR
Specify the length of breaks between work sessions in the same set.
Default is 5.
.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\^\-config\-file " " \fIconfig\fR
Specify the path to the config file to use.
.TP
.BR \-d
Dump to standard output values from a config file and exit. By default, dumps
the default config file. Can be combined with \fB\-c\fR \fIconfig\fR to dump a
custom config instead.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\^\-help
Show help message and exit.
.TP
.BR \-n ", " \-\^\-num\-sets " " \fInum_sets\fR
Specify the number of sets to do.
Default is 1.
.TP
.BR \-p ", " \-\^\-pomodoros\-per\-set " " \fIsessions_per_set\fR
Specify the number of work sessions in a set.
Default is 3.
.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-\^\-session\-length " " \fIsession_length\fR
Specify the length of a single work session.
Default is 25.
.TP
.BR \-B ", " \-\^\-long\-break\-length " " \fIlong_break\fR
Specify the length of a long break between sets.
Default is 30.
.SH NOTES
By default, \fBpomodoro_curses\fR does one pomodoro set consisting of three
reps of work-(short rest). At the end comes a long rest. Thus, the total time
is 3*(25+5) + 30 = 3*30 + 30 = 120 minutes = 2 hours.
